Talkyou,Answer1,Answer2,Answer3,Answer4
What did you eat for lunch today?,Why do you wanna know? Not your business.,I ate hamburger in front of my house alone.,I couldn't have lunch. I was so busy.,I went the restaurant on TV. Would you have lunch there someday?
I'm so tired because of the assignment,I already finished it all! hahaha,"Even though it's hard to do assignment, sleep on time is right on time.",I'm going to lose my mind because of my assignments ...,Is there a lot left? I want to help. Is it OK?
Did you see the sky today? Is it so beautiful?,No. I'm so busy. Let's talk later.,You are surprisingly sentimental. It looks good on you.,"Yeah, I want to go to play somewhere.",Yeah! It was so beautiful and I took a picture. Shall I show you?
"If it's lucky, maybe I dont need to take class today.",Wouldn't it be replaced by a reports?LOL,Does the professor dont skip lecture so often?,I envy you.. My schedule is full today.,"Then, would you like to see me in the playground? For a walk"
Did you go home well yesterday?,Yeah.,Of course. I drank a lot so it was reelinglittle bit. haha,Yes. How about you? It's dangerous at night!,Yes. I'm sorry I went back alreay because of part time. Let's go back together next time.
Have you heard the new song of D-dragon?,I'm not interested in entertainers.,Yeah! Of course! It swept all charts!,Well It was soso. It seems likes and dislikes are clear.,Not yet! But I will listen soon! Do you like D-dragon?
Did you heard that restaurant was on TV!,That restaurant was terrible. Isn't it commercial?,I saw they were shooting a Tv program. ,Oh.. Than I should stand in line from now on.,Really? I haven't been there yet! Shall we go together?
Did you takd umbrella? It will be rain.,Damn! I forgot it!,Yes I take it. It says it is shower.,No.. It will stop after lecture.,Yes! Don't lose umbrella again!
I met a weirdo at work.,I've never met that person.,Be careful! Don't know what they will do.,Yeah. There are lots of weird people around uni.,"t must have been so hard. Don't worry too much, just think of a good idea today."
Have you played 'Living Alone 2'? It's mobile game.,It looks really not funny at all.,I played and deleted before. I like it.,What is that? I will play someday!,Of course!! It is amazing game! I played a lot.
I came to see a musical! I can't wait!,Yeah I dont care~,With who? With your friends?,It sounds really fun~ what musical is it?,Wow it is good for you~ Enjoy your time!
I have team project today. I don't wanna go..,Don't go!! Nobody cares!,Why? Is there freerider in your team?,Why don't wanna go? Have problems with team mates?,Me either. I have team project today. Let's cheer up!
What songs do you listen these days?,"Well, I'm not interested in it..",I listen old pops sometimes.,I usually listen the latest song!,I litsen any songs. By the way you like song aren't you?
I like watching nigth sky. Do you?,Ugh.. Why watching night sky??,Sometimes I watch. I couldnt watch these days!,I like it. I think it is romantic.,There was a observatory near the school where you can see the night sky. I'll recommend it.
Do you love travel?,No. Traveling is waste money and time.,I want to go travel if I have a time.,"Yeah, I'm making money at part time to go travel.",Of course! Having new experiences is important in life.
Do you like pasta or pizza?,I don't like both of them.,I like pasta! I'm suddenly hungry..,Both of them! It's different each time.,It's hard to decide. What do you like?
Are you managing your grades well?,It's not your business.,"Well,I rather think so.",Of course! It is really important thing!,Yeah I am trying to make it well.
What is your ideal type?,It's not you! Haha,Well appearance is very important.,I wish a good person.,Someone who fits me well is ideal type.
Do you travel abroad often?,I don't like travel.,Not often. I travel by TV.,I usually travel close countries.,I've been looking everywhere for a visit when I have  time.
Where is your hometown?,It's just countryside.,It's a small rural village. You don't even know where it is.,"It was a lot of mountains. There were lots of fields, rice paddies.",Is it near Mt. Jiri. Have you ever been to Mt.Jiri? It is a good place.
Do you speak any foreign languages?,Why would you ask me that?,Well.. English? But I'm not good at.,"I studied for specs, four languages?",All you need to do is speak fluent Korean.
hat do you do after school today?,I'll just go home and sleep.,I maybe go to part time.,I'm thinking about going to the library and studying.,I have no schedule. Would you like to go out today?
What are you going to do after graduation?,I'm sure I'm doing anything.,"If I can't find a job right away, I'll looking for a job.",My goal is to get a job before graduation.,"Getting a job is important, but I want to find what I want to do."
Do you like animals? I raise a cat.,I hate animals most.,"I used to breed cats, too!",Yes! Would you like to visit my pet?,What kind of cat do you grow up? I used to raise a cat. Do you have a picture?
Do you like sports?,No. I don't like to move.,"I like it, but I don't have time to do it.",I'm trying to make time to do excercise.,"Yes, I usually jog in the neighborhood at dawn."
Do you drink well?,What if I drink well?,"No, I don't drink so well.",About a bottle of soju?,"I drink when I need it, but I tend to abstain."
What do you usually do on weekends?,Just stay there. Just like breathing.,I'll stay home unless I have a special appointment.,Study or watch dramas piled up.,I usually clean house or meet my friends.
Do you like shopping?,"If I have lots of money, I'll love it.","Yes, but most of the time, I am satisfied with window-shopping.",Sometimes I go shopping.,Of course. Let's go shopping next time!
I try to dye my hair. What do you think?,You do your job.,"Well, if you want to do it, you're right.",How about Red Brown because your skin tone is spring warm?,Shall I ask to stylist who I know well?
I think I should go on a diet.,Okay. You need to lose some weight.,"Well, I think it would be nice to lose some weight.","Even though it's fine right now, it'll be much better if you lose weight.",No. You look good right now. You don't have to.
